README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/GB9tUzun)
# Week 16 Assignment Overview


### Contact Me:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevoU-FSSE-2/week-7-SherinOlivia/3dd7cdf0d5c9fc1828f0dfcac8ef2e9c057902be/assets/gmail-icon.svg" width="15px" background-color="none">[SOChronicle@gmail.com](mailto:SOChronicle@gmail.com) [Personal]

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevoU-FSSE-2/week-7-SherinOlivia/3dd7cdf0d5c9fc1828f0dfcac8ef2e9c057902be/assets/gmail-icon.svg" width="15px" background-color="none">[SOlivia198@gmail.com](mailto:SOlivia198@gmail.com) [Work]

[![Roo-Discord](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevoU-FSSE-2/week-5-SherinOlivia/bddf1eca3ee3ad82db2f228095d01912bf9c3de6/assets/MDimgs/icons8-discord.svg)](https://discord.com/users/shxdxr#7539)[![Roo-Instagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevoU-FSSE-2/week-5-SherinOlivia/bddf1eca3ee3ad82db2f228095d01912bf9c3de6/assets/MDimgs/icons8-instagram.svg)](https://instagram.com/shxdxr?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==)[![Roo-LinkedIn](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevoU-FSSE-2/week-5-SherinOlivia/bddf1eca3ee3ad82db2f228095d01912bf9c3de6/assets/MDimgs/icons8-linkedin-circled.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sherin-olivia-07311127a/)

Commit message:

second init: cloned previous project

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/GB9tUzun)
# Week 16 Assignment Overview


## Project Update/Status
- cloned from previous assignment
- commented online database connection
- On Progress: Customizing paths and controller

### Contact Me:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevoU-FSSE-2/week-7-SherinOlivia/3dd7cdf0d5c9fc1828f0dfcac8ef2e9c057902be/assets/gmail-icon.svg" width="15px" background-color="none">[SOChronicle@gmail.com](mailto:SOChronicle@gmail.com) [Personal]

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevoU-FSSE-2/week-7-SherinOlivia/3dd7cdf0d5c9fc1828f0dfcac8ef2e9c057902be/assets/gmail-icon.svg" width="15px" background-color="none">[SOlivia198@gmail.com](mailto:SOlivia198@gmail.com) [Work]

[![Roo-Discord](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevoU-FSSE-2/week-5-SherinOlivia/bddf1eca3ee3ad82db2f228095d01912bf9c3de6/assets/MDimgs/icons8-discord.svg)](https://discord.com/users/shxdxr#7539)[![Roo-Instagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevoU-FSSE-2/week-5-SherinOlivia/bddf1eca3ee3ad82db2f228095d01912bf9c3de6/assets/MDimgs/icons8-instagram.svg)](https://instagram.com/shxdxr?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==)[![Roo-LinkedIn](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevoU-FSSE-2/week-5-SherinOlivia/bddf1eca3ee3ad82db2f228095d01912bf9c3de6/assets/MDimgs/icons8-linkedin-circled.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sherin-olivia-07311127a/)
